Am/chore/docs 0 8 (#1618)
zama-ai/tfhe-rs: tfhe/docs/getting_started/quick_start.md

> This document explains the basic steps of using the high-level API of **TFHE-rs.**

Reviewer: nice, thanks!

## Setting up a Rust project

> If you already know how to set-up a Rust project you can go to the next [section](#using-tfhe-rs-and-its-apis).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you already know how to set up a Rust project, feel free to go directly to the next [section](#using-tfhe-rs-and-its-apis).
```

As a first step you need to install the Rust programming language tools. You can do so by visiting https://rustup.rs/ and following instructions there. If you want alternative ways of installing Rust you can check out https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/installation/other.html for more options.

> Once you have Rust installed you should be able to call the build and package manager `Cargo`:

Reviewer 2: First, install the Rust programming language tools. Visit https://rustup.rs/ and follow the instructions. For alternative installation methods, refer to the [official Rust installation page](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/installation/other.html).

After installing Rust, you can call the build and package manager `Cargo`:

```console
$ cargo --version
cargo 1.81.0 (2dbb1af80 2024-08-20)
```

Your version may vary depending on when you installed Rust. To update your installation you can invoke `rustup update` and it will update your installation of Rust.

> You can now invoke `Cargo` to create a new default Rust project:

Reviewer 2: Your version may differ depending on when you installed Rust. To update your installation, invoke `Cargo` to create a new default Rust project:

Author: your updated wording is not correct, updating the tools is done with rustup, is there something missing in your revised suggestion ?

Reviewer 2: Sorry my bad. Updated my comment

Author: thanks !

```console
$ cargo new tfhe-example
    Creating binary (application) `tfhe-example` package
note: see more `Cargo.toml` keys and their definitions at https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html
```

This will create a `tfhe-example` directory and populate it with the following:

```console
$ tree tfhe-example/
tfhe-example/
├── Cargo.toml
└── src
    └── main.rs

1 directory, 2 files
```

> You now have a minimal Rust project, in the next section we'll explain how to add **TFHE-rs** as a dependency to the project and start using it to perform FHE computations.

Reviewer 2: You now have a minimal Rust project.

> ## Using TFHE-rs and its APIs

Reviewer 2: In this next section, we'll explain how to add **TFHE-rs** as a dependency to the project and start using it to perform FHE computations.

Before writing code to use **TFHE-rs** it needs to be added as a dependency to `tfhe-example`.

> The `Cargo.toml` file at the root of the project is the file in which dependencies are declared. Currently it is minimal and does not contain dependencies:

Reviewer 2: To use **TFHE-rs**, you need to add it as a dependency to `tfhe-example`. 

The `Cargo.toml` file is located at the root of the project. Initially, the file is minimal and doesn't contain any dependencies:

```toml
[package]
name = "tfhe-example"
version = "0.1.0"
edition = "2021"

[dependencies]
```

> The default configuration for x86 Unix machines is as follows:

Reviewer 2: For x86 Unix systems, add the following configuration to include **TFHE-rs:**

```toml
tfhe = { version = "0.8.0", features = ["integer", "x86_64-unix"]}
```

> We will add it to our `Cargo.toml` with a text editor, the file now looks like this:

Reviewer 2: Your updated `Cargo.toml` file should look like this:
